README.md, before:

# Ubuntu 16.04 LEMP box

A basic LEMP vagrant box for development

## Server specs

- Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS Xenial Xerus
- Nginx
- PHP 7 FPM
- MySQL 5.7
- Composer
- Xdebug

## Install

- You must have installed vagrant and Virtualbox.
- Run
```
$ git clone https://github.com/rod86/ubuntu-lemp-box.git
$ cd ubuntu-lemp-box
$ vagrant up
```

## Users

### SSH
|         |                |
| ------- | -------------- |
| **Host**| 192.168.56.105 |
| **User**| vagrant |
| **Password**| vagrant |

### MySQL
|         |                |
| ------- | -------------- |
| **Host**| 127.0.0.1 |
| **User**| vagrantdb |
| **Password**| vagrantdb |

If you are using a mysql client like sequel pro or navicat, connect to mysql via ssh

## Scripts

### Host Generator

This script generates a host file

```
$ cd /home/vagrant
$ sudo bin/generatehost.sh
```

You will be asked this params

| Option | Description | Example |
| ------ | ----------- | ------- |
| Name | Project folder name | *myapp* |
| Domain | Project domain | *myapp.dev* |
| Type | Template host file (without extension) to use. Leave blank to use the default template | *symfony* |

#### How to create a custom host template

- In *bin/templates*, create the template host file with extension *conf*.
- Put the placeholders
    - {{PROJECT_NAME}} for the project name      
    - {{PROJECT_DOMAIN}} for the project domain


## FAQ

### In symfony, I get an error about permissions in sessions folder.

In *app/config/config.yml*, set session.save_path to */var/lib/php/sessions*.

Commit message:

ssh private ky for vagrant box

README.md, after:

# Ubuntu 16.04 LEMP box

A basic LEMP vagrant box for development

## Server specs

- Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS Xenial Xerus
- Nginx
- PHP 7 FPM
- MySQL 5.7
- Composer
- Xdebug

## Install

- You must have installed vagrant and Virtualbox.
- Run
```
$ git clone https://github.com/rod86/ubuntu-lemp-box.git
$ cd ubuntu-lemp-box
$ vagrant up
```

## Users

### SSH
|         |                |
| ------- | -------------- |
| **Host**| 192.168.56.105 |
| **User**| vagrant |
| **Password**| vagrant |

### MySQL
|         |                |
| ------- | -------------- |
| **Host**| 127.0.0.1 |
| **User**| vagrantdb |
| **Password**| vagrantdb |

If you are using a mysql client like sequel pro or navicat, connect to mysql via ssh

## Scripts

### Host Generator

This script generates a host file

```
$ cd /home/vagrant
$ sudo bin/generatehost.sh
```

You will be asked this params

| Option | Description | Example |
| ------ | ----------- | ------- |
| Name | Project folder name | *myapp* |
| Domain | Project domain | *myapp.dev* |
| Type | Template host file (without extension) to use. Leave blank to use the default template | *symfony* |

#### How to create a custom host template

- In *bin/templates*, create the template host file with extension *conf*.
- Put the placeholders
    - *{{PROJECT_NAME}}* for the project name      
    - *{{PROJECT_DOMAIN}}* for the project domain


## FAQ

### When I start the virtual machine, I see *"Warning: Connection timeout. Retrying..."* when it connects via SSH with a private key

You have to add your private key to the virtual machine authorized_keys file.

- You need a public and private SSH key. If you don't have them, generate them using the *ssh-keygen* command. Leave the passphrase empty.

- Edit the Vagrantfile and update the setting *config.ssh.private_key_path* with the absolute path to the id_rsa file.

- Start the virtual machine.

- Copy the contents of .

- Connect via SSH to the virtual machine and add the key from the file *id_rsa.pub* in *~/.ssh/authorized_keys*.

- Restart the virtual machine and the SSH connection should work.


### In symfony, I get an error about permissions in sessions folder.

In *app/config/config.yml*, set session.save_path to */var/lib/php/sessions*.
